RaM Project Repository

You find yourself in a room that exudes warmth, a pleasant change
from the swirling winds outdoors, and can't help but wonder at
the luck that brought you here today.

The floorboards are highly polished cedar that dance softly to
the flickering light of the field stone hearth that fills the
entire south wall opposite the door to the outside.  A few plush
chairs lounge by the fire, with low mahogany ovals resting beside
them. A small collection of iron tools hang next to the opening,
ready to help even the scrawniest human wrestle new logs into
the fire's maw.

You smell some kind of savoury roast wafting in from what can only
be a kitchen to the west, and back in the corner you glimpse a
small stone stairway, leading down to a wine cellar perhaps.  A
pale orange cat lurks beside the west door, looking up hopefully
from time to time.

A cheerfully rotund man looks up at your entrance and bellows,
"Come on in!  Have a seat and I'll fetch you a pint!  Visitors
are always welcome, especially those with means, if ye catch my
drift."

...

The RaM project is an attempt to revisit the popular ROM DikuMUD
derivative, and provide a stable game driver that comes loaded
with all the building tools you'll need to create the world
you've always imagined.

To that end, we're following a strategy of fit and polish.  We
will make every effort to fix any bugs, first and foremost!  You
shouldn't have to struggle with a poorly coded driver to get your
vision off the ground.

We'll do our best to document things, both within the game, and
in separate documents that describe how THIS game driver works,
not how some former version used to work years ago.

You won't find a lot of game-play features here, just enough for
it to feel like the familiar ROM system we're evolving from, but
we hope you WILL find all the building tools you need without
having to search the archives for add-ons.

No game driver will do everything you want out of the box, thus
we're adopting new technologies to make the source code easier to
follow, and thus easier to modify and adapt to YOUR needs.

Right now, you'll find the classic C version of our project in
the Ice directory.  Soon, a new C++ enhanced version will appear
in the Fire directory.  Various in-progress works might be found
under the branches directory, but those are not for the faint of
heart!

We hope you enjoy your stay here, and if there's anything we can
do to make things work better, please let us know!

                                                 -Dread Quixadhal
